docs: adding the package catalog docs (#2014)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/get-started/package-catalog.md

---

> title: Package catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Package Catalog
```

sidebar_label: Basic Concepts
slug: '/package-catalog'
sidebar_position: 6
---

Package catalog
---------------

> The Kurtosis package catalog if the public repository of Kurtosis packages where package authors can publish their packages which later can be found and used by any user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kurtosis package catalog is a public repository of Kurtosis packages where package authors can publish their packages which later can be found and used by any user.
```

> The catalog address is [catalog.kurtosis.com][package-catalog]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Package Catalog can be found at: [catalog.kurtosis.com][package-catalog]
```

> How can authors add a new package into the catalog?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can do I add my package to the catalog?
```

---------------------------------------------------

The catalog is made up of a curated list that is stored in the `kurtosis-package-catalog.yml` file within the [kurtosis-package-catalog repository.][package-catalog-repository]

> If an author wants to add their package to the catalog, they should add its name on the list inside the `kurtosis-package-catalog.yml` file and send a pull request to be validated by the CI validations and approved by a Kurtosis administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an author wants to add their package to the catalog, they should add its name on the list inside the `kurtosis-package-catalog.yml` file and send a pull request to be validated by the CI validations and approved by a Kurtosis administrator. While we do not have any SLAs, the Kurtosis team will periodically review pull requests. Should you need any help or have questions, we're always available in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/twRRs8GxMD).
```

### What validates the CI?

The CI's automatic jobs validate the following for each new Pull Request created:

- That there are no duplicated names within the `kurtosis-package-catalog.yml` file, there cannot be two or more packages with the same name.

> - That the package repository exists.

Reviewer: Question: does it need to exist *publicly* too?

Author: yes, it has to be public @leeederek

Author: I made the change

> - That the package repository exists.

Author: ```suggestion
- That the package repository exists and it's a public repository.
```

- That the repository contains the `kurtosis.yml` file.
- That the name declared in the `kurtosis.yml` file corresponds to the name that is being added to the catalog

> - Only if the package contains an icon (you should upload an image file named `kurtosis-package-icon.png` in your package repository, at the same level as the `kurtosis.yml` file, is if you want to add an icon to be displayed in the catalog)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the package contains an icon (you should upload an image file named `kurtosis-package-icon.png` in your package repository, at the same level as the `kurtosis.yml` file, is if you want to add an icon to be displayed in the catalog), then:
```
